INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "IKEA VATTENKRASSE WATERING CAN", 10, "AVAILABLE", "Buying just any uninteresting watering can isn’t a great way to show the world how serious you are about the upkeep of your houseplants. It’s also not a great way to enhance your home’s overall aesthetic. Since you’ll want to knock out both of these birds with a single stone, IKEA has introduced the VATTENKRASSE — a watering peripheral fit for the Swedish furniture store’s most stylish followers. It’s crafted from galvanized and stainless steel and boasts a formidable polyester powder coating to keep it looking great, regardless of your daily watering cycle.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/WcBKMpS/IKEA-VATTENKRASSE-Watering-Can.jpg");

INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "CB2 SAIC WATERING CARAFE", 15, "AVAILABLE", "A product of the Designed Objects curriculum at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago (SAIC), CB2’s aesthetically-pleasing Watering Carafe pairs elements of modernity and luxurious stoneware staples, creating something that’s a more akin to art, than anything else. Although the carafe boasts a lavish white glaze and a sculpted body, its also been formulated to provide your foliage with the perfect amount of sustenance. Whether or not you’d want to utilize it in that manner, on the other hand, is something that’s specific to each individual situation.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/9W0STkw/CB2-Saic-Watering-Carafe.jpg");

INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "CRATE AND BARREL BLACK GLASS PLANT MISTER", 28, "AVAILABLE", "If you’re looking for something a bit more formal and chic, the Crate and Barrel Black Glass Plant Mister is for you. Not only does this unique device take on a mid-century-inspired appearance, but it’s also entirely capable, drawing from decades of trusted use to keep your ferns and orchids alive and well. Since it boasts a faceted black glass architecture and a hand-polished brass top, the eight-ounce wonder is sure to blend right into your home’s equally-decorated gardening areas — and if there’s one thing we know, it’s that great design often goes unnoticed.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/kcGP74t/West-Elm-Modern-Spout-Watering-Can.jpg");

INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "WEST ELM MODERN SPOUT WATERING CAN", 80, "AVAILABLE", "Buying just any uninteresting watering can isn’t a great way to show the world how serious you are about the upkeep of your houseplants. It’s also not a great way to enhance your home’s overall aesthetic. Since you’ll want to knock out both of these birds with a single stone, IKEA has introduced the VATTENKRASSE — a watering peripheral fit for the Swedish furniture store’s most stylish followers. It’s crafted from galvanized and stainless steel and boasts a formidable polyester powder coating to keep it looking great, regardless of your daily watering cycle.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/WcBKMpS/IKEA-VATTENKRASSE-Watering-Can.jpg");

INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "IKEA BOTANISK GARDENING BAG", 20, "AVAILABLE", "If you’re an avid planter, you’ve likely become well-acquainted with the process of introducing new foliage to your home or garden. Oftentimes, transporting a plant from one area to the next can cause a headache, especially if you’re not prepared. That’s where IKEA’s BOTANISK Gardening Bag comes into play. Not only does this unique, waterproof bag help you to transfer your plants from one pot to the other, but it’s also a perfect, storage-worthy tote that can earn you some extra time between reintroduction. As an added bonus, you can utilize it for other things whenever there’s not a shrub, fern, or smaller tree inside.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/1TXLfsV/IKEA-BOTANISK-Gardening-Bag.jpg");

INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "GREENAHOLICS MEDIUM PLANT POT", 24, "AVAILABLE", "Trying to find an aesthetically-pleasing design piece that will put your medium-sized plants on display for the world to see? Your search has come to an end, courtesy of Greenholics’ Medium Plant Pot. This compact accessory boasts a size that’s suitable for succulents bonsai, cactus, snake plants, and seedlings, and features a high-quality ceramic, surrounding by a baked kaolin glaze. There’s even a drainage hole (complemented by a tight-sealing removable plug) in case you over water.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/6tdPFKb/Greenaholics-Medium-Plant-Pot.jpg");

INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "ANTHROPOLOGIE BOLO HANGING PLANTER", 30, "AVAILABLE", "Ground-savvy planters are all good and well, but if you’re looking for a captivating way to display your favorite plants, hanging, or otherwise, the Anthropologie Bolo Planter is the perfect medium. Its modern aesthetic will complement your home’s distinct design choices, thanks to its ceramic, brass, and rope construction. Just keep in mind that you’ll need to find an area suitable for use; not every room or outdoor area is outfitted with a beam that can handle the weight of soil and a full-grown plant.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/6tdPFKb/Greenaholics-Medium-Plant-Pot.jpg");

INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "MOMA DESIGN SELF WATERING POT", 34, "AVAILABLE", "MoMa Design’s Self-Watering Wet Pot is a genius offering that draws inspiration from its fabled Swedish counterpart. Each compact offering boasts a terracotta planter housed within a hand-blown glass enclosure. As a result, the accessory’s unique design allows the plant to absorb water through the planter’s terracotta walls, resulting in an easy, intuitive alternative to traditional planting and watering methods. As long as your indoor/outdoor area stays above frost-point, everything from mini cacti, to full-grown azaleas should thrive within.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/K254n7B/Mo-Ma-Design-Self-Watering-Pot.jpg");

INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "THE SILL LIVE ZZ PLANT + CERAMIC PLANTER", 220, "AVAILABLE", "Sometimes, plant owners just want to make a statement. Luckily, The Sill’s Live ZZ Plant + Delores Ceramic Planter makes the procurement of an eye-catching interior accent as intuitive as ever. This thick and waxy green succulent is both hard-wearing and adaptive, allowing it to survive with minimal upkeep, and thrive in areas with low to medium light shed. Since there’s no need to re-pot, it’s also an attractive choice for those who are looking to purchase a handful, giving them the opportunity to outfit any room in the home with their own greenery, without much fuss.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/KW9jH46/The-Sill-Live-ZZ-Plant-plus-Ceramic-Planter.jpg");

INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "Wire Water Me Plant Marker", 9.69, "AVAILABLE", "Do you forget to water your plants? Never forget again with these stylish water me plant markers! These toppers make great gifts for plant lovers, or a perfect addition to your plant collection! Ideal for both inside and outside plants as they are made from aluminium wire! Standard size is roughly 14cm wide by around 22cm high. If you have something else in mind, just drop me a message and I’ll be sure to accommodate!", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/B6MDHNW/Wire-Water-Me-Plant-Marker.jpg");


INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "Cloud Planter", 24.22, "AVAILABLE", "He design of the Cloud Planter is very unique. It will make your trailing plants look like rain! It’s perfect for trailing baby plants, small cacti and succulents. You can hang it or place it on a surface - works either way! The planter fits the most common small size of plastic pots (5.5cm)", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/KxbCjdw/cloud-planter.jpg");


INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "Eucalyptus Wall Hanger", 32.00, "AVAILABLE", "This gorgeous eucalyptus wall hanger is a permanent piece made with fresh eucalyptus. It dries just like this, and will start as a lovely essential oil-emitting boho wall-hanging, and then it will dry, and be a lovely boho piece of wall-décor. This makes an excellent gift!", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/sbHWJN6/Eucalyptus-Wall-Hanger.jpg");


INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "Glitter Flower Vase", 40, "AVAILABLE", "This past weekend I made these glitter vases for a couple people and I love them… I love them so much that they might be hard to give away. This DIY glitter flower vase  is sparkly and so pretty and perfect for showing off your flowers.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/cTjpWgk/Glitter-Flower-Vase.png");


INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "Growlight Frame Shelf", , "AVAILABLE", "Something plants have always wondered: why do people hang pictures of them on the wall, when they could put real ones there? Ask no more, green ones, because inside this stylish frame, you're living works of art. This modern shelf (in two sizes) will keep houseplants or kitchen herbs thriving, even when there's not much natural light. Your kitchen garden can hang right above the counter, or use the smaller, vertically oriented version for a single fern or aloe, to make a cozy bathroom nightlight. Made of powder-coated steel, with a full spectrum, white LED grow light tucked inside the top, it’s got a timer that provides low-to-full light options for each season and setting. Your plants won’t insist that you give up Van Gogh—they’d just like more of the limelight. Steel made in Iowa. Electronics made in China. Assembled in Chicago.", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/zJYZ2S3/Growlight-Frame-Shelf.jpg");

INSERT INTO product (catalog_id, NAME, price, STATUS, description, discount, image_link) VALUES (4, "House Plants Poster" ,139 , "AVAILABLE", "This beautiful chart of house plant images is so popular with the Cartolina crowd.  Must be due to the charming, detailed, and colourful imagery which also features on one of our most popular puzzles! Vintage style poster printed on beautiful, textured Italian paper. Ships in hard mailing tube. Size: 20" x 28"", 0, "https://i.ibb.co/JrjgFmT/Plant-Poster.jpg");
